So let's first go through here and you can see that at the end of the shot, there's a little bit of
a pan to the left.
OK, so I want to match that movement by adding a pan here on this next shot.
That'll kind of smooth things out a bit.
So what I'm going to do is select this clip and I'm going to create a key frame.
OK.
I'm going to go to the effects control panel of this clip by you can double click it and then scroll
over to the effects control panel or do it how it is done in your editing software.
And I'm going to click this little stopwatch icon, which is going to create a key frame.
Now, a key frame is simply saying at this point, at this moment, I want you to be here.
And at this point, in this moment, I want you to be here.
Whether that's a scale change, a zoom in or zoom out, a motion change, whatever it is, it's saying
at this stopwatch moment, I want you here at this.
And so it creates that change over time.
So I'm going to create a key frame at the beginning of this clip, and then I'm going to scroll to the
end of the clip and I'm going to scooch the position over by dragging the position parameter points.
So as you can see now, when I scrub through the video, there's that motion that's been added.
OK.
So let's see how that does for that edit.
Oh, OK, perfect, and even kind of blends in to the next edit.
So let's take a look at that without what we just did.
So I'm going to go ahead and duplicate this.
And another way to duplicate is to click the video file that you want pulled out and drag it to wherever
you want it to go and let go of the click, let go folding it, and that's going to create another duplicate
of that same clip.
And I'm going to right click it and I'm going to remove the attributes that we just added to the clip.
So we have this version very stagnant, and then we have the new version with that motion.
So motion is huge when it comes to the flow of your videos.
If there's no motion, there's no movement.
There's not as much of a flow.
If you're linking motion in between your cuts, you're adding a whole new level of fluidity to your
entire edit.
So now that we did that, I'm going to go ahead and check that out for our list here.
So next, let's go ahead and move into the audio refining of our edit, and then we'll take another
pass through where we observe the entire edit as a whole and see if there's any more changes in the
video or audio that needs to be done as a final refinement.